## 赫拉利-大部分信息都是垃圾

2026年05月18日 10:09
发言人   00:00
Information was once scarce, so if you could get your hands on a book, you would read IT because was nothing else. And now information is abundant. We are flooded by information, and much of fate is junk information, which is artificially full of greed and anger and fear because of this battle for attention um and it's not good for us. 

发言人   00:24
So we basically need to go on an information diet. The first step is to realize that it's not the case, that more information is always good for us. We need a limited amount and we actually need more time to digest the information. 

发言人   00:39
And we have to be off, of course, also careful about the quality of what we take in because, uh, of the abundance of junk information and the the basic misconception, I think, is this link between information and truth. But people think, okay, if I get a lot of information, this is the raw material of truth, and I more information will mean more knowledge and that's not the case, because even in nature, move information is not about the truth. The basic function of information in history and also in biology is to connect. 

发言人   01:18
Information is connection, and when you look at history, you see that very often the easiest way to connect people is not with the truth, because the truth is that is a costly and and and rare kind of information. It's usually easier to connect people with fantasy, with fiction. Uh, why? Because the truth tends to be not just costly. The truth tends to be complicated and IT tends to be uncomfortable and tell them is painful. 
